WIP fleet management documentation (#705)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/fleet-management/setup.adoc

= Add a deployment

> Adding a self-managed deployment to fleet management is easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a self-managed deployment to fleet management is a straightforward process.
```

> Start by clicking the *Add deployment* button in the *Self-managed* tab under *Instances*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the *Add deployment* button in the *Self-managed* tab under *Instances* to get started.
```

[.shadow]
image::add-sm-deployment.png[]

The wizard provides two top-level options.

* *Monitor deployment* - this option should be selected if you want to use fleet management.

> * *URL connection* - this option allows you to add an unmonitored deployment that can still be connected to using the provided connection URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Monitor deployment* - this option allows you to set up fleet management.
* *URL connection* - this option allows you to add an unmonitored deployment that can still be connected to using the provided connection URL.
```

== Set up the plugin

> The next step of the wizard walks you through the process of adding the fleet management plugin to your Neo4j cluster.

Reviewer: You have not mentioned anywhere that the self-managed instance is a cluster, so it's a bit awkward to drop that here. 
Also, this is also the first time you mention that a plugin is needed. This should be described in the introduction, maybe the Overview section.

Reviewer 2: That makes sense! I was thinking it would be good to have a high-level architectural diagram there, but I don't have one to drop in 🤔

=== Download the plugin

> Follow the link in the UI to download the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the link in the wizard to download the plugin.
```

Neo4j Fleet management plugin has the name format `neo4j-fleet-management-plugin-VERSION-NEO4J_VERSION.jar`.

> Choose the appropriate plugin for your Neo4j version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the appropriate plugin for your Neo4j version.
```

> === Install plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Install the plugin
```

> The plugin needs to be installed *on each server* of the cluster. See the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/configuration/plugins/[Neo4j documentation] for instructions on how to install plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin needs to be installed *on each server* of the cluster. 
See the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/configuration/plugins/[Operations Manual -> Configure plugins] for instructions on how to install plugins.
```

> To allow the plugin procedures to run, you need to enable them in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow the plugin procedures to run, you need to enable them in the `neo4j.conf` file.
```

Reviewer 2: There are other possible ways to set the configuration, such as via env vars. That's why I used a more generic term. Perhaps I should add a link to the doc about neo4j.conf

Reviewer 2: Actually, it's mentioned in `Operations Manual -> Configure plugins` which is linked right above.

Reviewer: In that case, kindly disregard my suggestion.

Add `fleetManagement.*` to `dbms.security.procedures.unrestricted`.
For example:

=====
[source]
----
dbms.security.procedures.unrestricted=fleetManagement.*
----
=====

If `dbms.security.procedures.allowlist` is set in your configuration, `fleetManagement.*` should also be added to this setting, otherwise no change is needed.

=====
[source]
----
dbms.security.procedures.allowlist=<existing-value>,fleetManagement.*
----
=====

=== Restart Neo4j

Once the plugin is installed and configured, restart Neo4j to load the plugin.

=== Verify the plugin is installed correctly

By calling the procedure `CALL fleetManagement.status()`, for example in Neo4j Browser, you can verify that the plugin is installed correctly.

If the procedure returns a result, the plugin is installed, and you can select *Next* in the wizard.

== Register the deployment

[WARNING]
====

> Registering a token will associate the cluster to the Aura project which was used to generate the token. *Never register a token obtained from a third party.*

Reviewer: Again with the mention of cluster.

====

> In the next step of the wizard, choose an expiry time for the generated token and whether to enable automatic rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next step of the wizard, select an expiry time for the generated token and whether to enable automatic rotation.
```

> If auto-rotation is enabled, the plugin will automatically negotiate a new token before the current one is expired. Then select *Next*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If auto-rotation is enabled, the plugin will automatically negotiate a new token before the current one is expired.
```

> In the final step, you will see the generated token. Save it in a secure location and then register it using the procedure `fleetManagement.registerToken`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the final step, you will see the generated token. 
Save it in a secure location and then register it using the procedure `fleetManagement.registerToken`.
```

> It only needs to be registered once to take effect across the whole cluster.

Reviewer: Again with the cluster.
